---
layout: post
title:  "Ideal Job"
---
<html>
<head>
<title>Assessment 1</title>
</head>
<body>
<p>My ideal job I would consider to be the following. (seek.com.au)


The job itself is for a level 3 Senior Network Specialist, requiring experience and knowledge in hardware, software, servers and networking. This also involve knowledge of the client’s protocols and their security and data protection.</p><p>
I find this position appealing to me as I feel that the job requires a lot more than just plugging in a server and switching it on. The position itself requires a system to be designed that is specific for the customer. Finding out what the customer needs are and what they require from there system, the security and data protection required and how they expect it to function. Design of the infrastructure (Cabling storage workstations, servers) this also involving the power requirements for the system and backup in case of power loss. The setting up of the servers and switches and the client’s protocols, firewalls, security and making sure users have access to LAN and WAN. Testing of the system and network, tweaking it for optimum performance and providing reports on the systems performance and with existing customers providing recommendations on improvements to their system and implementing these improvements.</p><p>
The skills required are a strong knowledge of Cisco with Cisco certifications CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) and CCNP (Cisco Certified Network Professional). The qualifications required are to be the skills in the relevant industry or a tertiary degree. Experience required are experience of Cisco ISE (Identity Services Engine), switching and routing, Cisco technologies, management of network infrastructures, security principles and wireless technology.</p><p>
At the present time I am skilled in both designing and installing data cabling as well as power cabling. I am also shilled in the construction of desktop systems and server installation as well as termination of data cabling. I have a knowledge of internet protocols and configuration and able to maintain systems infrastructure.</p><p>
I hold licences in electrical cabling and data cabling which includes a knowledge of fibre optic cabling and termination. I am experienced in the construction of computer hardware, software installation and configuration as well as network configuration. I am also able to design and install networks to customers’ requirements.</p><p>
I feel that improved skills for me will be obtained through progressive involvement within the industry. Gaining a degree in I.T. and being exposed to the paths that I.T. has to offer will improve my experience and ultimately increase my skills. I plan to gain knowledge in Cisco and to acquire the Cisco certifications and accreditation.

</p>
</body>
</html>
